Feature/public task (#559)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: using-valtimo/plugin/public-task/configure-public-task-plugin.md

Reviewer: This file should be linked in the SUMMARY.md

# Public Task Plugin

The Public Task Plugin exposes a User Task outside of the Valtimo user environment. It generates an HTML, an assignee candidate receives a URL and is able to submit the task within the HTML. 
From there Valtimo will pick up the submission and complete the task.

> The Public Task Plugin is not a standard part of Valtimo. It is available in the Plugins Repo. More information can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/readme/modules/plugin-introduction#plugins-repo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Public Task Plugin is not a standard part of Valtimo. It is available in the Plugins Repo. More information can be found [here](/introduction/modules/plugin-introduction.md#plugins-repo).
```

> # Public Task Plugin

Reviewer 2: Formatting is messed up around the images. Please make use of newlines in order to break everything up correctly.
